feat: Add price line event support to subscribeClick() (#1214)
tradingview/lightweight-charts: website/docs/migrations/from-v3-to-v4.md

    console.log(param.seriesData.get(barSeries)); // { time: '2001-01-01', open: 5, high: 10, low: 1, close: 7 } or undefined
});
```

> 
> ## `MouseEventParams` field `hoveredMarkerId` was renamed to `hoveredObjectId` and now will include
> 
> the `id` of the price line that was clicked, if any.

Reviewer: ````suggestion

## `MouseEventParams` field `hoveredMarkerId` was renamed to `hoveredObjectId`

Since v4 you have to use `hoveredObjectId` instead of `hoveredMarkerId`.

```js
chart.subscribeCrosshairMove(param => {
    console.log(param.hoveredObjectId);
});

chart.subscribeClick(param => {
    console.log(param.hoveredObjectId);
});
```
````

Also we need to update the JSDoc lines here:

https://github.com/tradingview/lightweight-charts/blob/e263d724aa135da699f744b152422b94f094aa28/src/api/iseries-api.ts#L206-L212
